doc: Add known issue on SES-NE (#3269)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

In addition to these known issues, check the current issues in the `official Zephyr repository`_, since these might apply to the |NCS| fork of the Zephyr repository as well.
To get help and report issues that are not related to Zephyr but to the |NCS|, go to Nordic's `DevZone`_.

> 

Reviewer: Move this a few lines up, so that the comment in lines 784-787 is at the bottom.

Author: done

> Segger Embedded Studio - Nordic Edition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SEGGER Embedded Studio Nordic Edition
```

***************************************

.. rst-class:: v1-4-0

> NCSDK-6852: Extra CMake options in :guilabel:`Open nRF Connect SDK Project` dialog not applied in SES-NE 5.10d.
>   If specifying :guilabel:`Extra CMake Build Options` together with :guilabel:`nRF Connect Toolchain Version` of the form ``X.Y.Z`` will result in the extra CMake options to be discarded.
> 
>   **Workaround** Use ``NONE (Use SES settings / environment PATH)`` in the  :guilabel:`nRF Connect Toolchain Version` drop-down when specifying :guilabel:`Extra CMake Build Options`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-6852: Extra CMake options might not be applied in version 5.10d
  If you specify :guilabel:`Extra CMake Build Options` in the :guilabel:`Open nRF Connect SDK Project` dialog and at the same time select an :guilabel:`nRF Connect Toolchain Version` of the form ``X.Y.Z``, the additional CMake options are discarded.

  **Workaround:** Select ``NONE (Use SES settings / environment PATH)`` from the  :guilabel:`nRF Connect Toolchain Version` drop-down if you want to specify :guilabel:`Extra CMake Build Options`.
```
